End User License Agreement for FiddlerCore (Last Updated August 9, 2013)

IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO DOWNLOAD OR USE ANY SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, OR OTHER MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.  THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU OR THE COMPANY WHICH YOU REPRESENT AND ARE AUTHORIZED TO BIND (the "Licensee" or "You"), AND TELERIK AD ("Telerik" or "Licensor").  PLEASE CLICK THE "I AGREE" BUTTON AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS AGREEMENT IF YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  BY CLICKING THE "I AGREE" BUTTON AND/OR BY PURCHASING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE BY TELERIK THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE (1) THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, (2) THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT, (3) THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND (4) TO THE EXTENT YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, YOU HAVE THE POWER AND AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT COMPANY.

Content Management System and/or .NET component vendors are not allowed to use the Software (as defined below) without the express permission of Telerik. If you or the company you represent is a Content Management System or .NET component vendor, you may not purchase a license for or use the Software unless you contact Telerik directly and obtain permission.

This is a license agreement and not an agreement for sale.

1. Software License

1.1 License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Telerik hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby accepts, a limited, non-transferable, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicenseable (solely as set forth in Section 1.4 Sublicensing), non-exclusive license (the "License") to use the Telerik computer software identified as FiddlerCore and any updates, upgrades, modifications and error corrections thereto provided to Licensee (the "Programs") and any accompanying documentation (the "Documentation", together with the Programs, collectively the "Software") solely as specified in this Agreement. You are granted either a Non-commercial License pursuant to Section 1.5 or a Developer License with Updates and Support pursuant to Section 1.6. Which version of the License applies (i.e., Non-commercial License or Developer License with Updates and Support) is determined at the time of the License purchase.

1.1.1 The included library BCMakeCert.dll is the C# version of "The Legion of the Bouncy Castle" http://www.bouncycastle.org/csharp/licence.html and its redistribution is governed by the terms specified by its owners. See http://www.bouncycastle.org/csharp/licence.html for details.

1.1.2 The included library MakeCert.exe is Microsoft's certificate generation library. This library is redistributed under the license terms included with Visual Studio 2008.

1.2 Scope of Use. The Software is licensed, not sold, on a per-seat basis. You may only allow the number of individuals in Your organization to use the Software that corresponds to the maximum number of License seats You have licensed from Telerik hereunder. This means that at any given time, the number of individuals authorized to use the Software under the License (each a "Licensed Developer") cannot exceed the number of seats licensed to You by Telerik pursuant to this Agreement. The Software is in "use" on a computer when it is loaded into temporary memory (i.e. RAM) or installed into permanent memory (e.g. hard disk or other storage device) of that computer for development purposes. Your Licensed Developers may install the Software on multiple machines, so long as the Software is not being used simultaneously for development purposes at any given time by more Licensed Developers than You have License seats. You are not limited by the number of License seats with respect to how many individuals within Your organization may access and use the Software for testing and building purposes. You may also embed copies of the Programs in Your own proprietary software applications that You develop, license and distribute to Your own end-user licensees ("Authorized End-Users"), solely in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 1.4 below. 

1.3 Redistribution Rights. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, You are granted a limited license to redistribute the Software solely as part of bundled software solutions for internal company use, hosted applications, solutions deployed at Your Authorized End-Users sites, or shrink-wrapped software offerings in which the Software is integrated (collectively "Integrated Products"). "Integrated Products", as defined herein, are limited to those software solutions which: (i) are developed by Your Licensed Developer; (ii) add substantial functionality beyond the functionality provided by the incorporated components of the Software; and (iii) are not commercial alternatives for, or competitive in the marketplace with, any Telerik product offering, including but not limited to the Software or any components of the Software.

1.3.1 The foregoing license to redistribute the Software is conditioned upon the following: 

1.3.1.1 You must prohibit Your Authorized End-Users from using the Software independently from Your Integrated Products, or from decompiling, reverse engineering or otherwise seeking to discover the source code of the Software. For use of the Software in design-time (i.e. within a development environment such as Microsoft Visual Studio) Your Authorized End-Users need to purchase Developer Licenses from Telerik. 

1.3.1.2 You must include a valid copyright message in Your Integrated Products in a location viewable by Authorized End-Users (e.g. "About" box) that will serve to protect Telerik's copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Software.

1.4 Sublicensing. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, You are granted a limited, non-transferable right to sublicense the Software's use, in object code form only, solely to Your Authorized End-Users and solely in and as part of Your Integrated Products. In no event are You allowed to sublicense the Software or its use (a) in any format other than in object form, (b) as a standalone product, or (c) as a part of any product other than Your Integrated Product. Your end-user license agreement must: prohibit distribution of the Software by Your Authorized End Users; limit the liability of Your licensors or suppliers to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law; and prohibit any attempt to disassemble, decompile or "unlock", decode or otherwise reverse translate or engineer, or attempt in any manner to reconstruct or discover any source code or underlying algorithms of the Software. Provided Your Authorized End-Users are in compliance with their license agreements with You, any sublicenses to use the Software granted by You to Your Authorized End-Users will survive any termination of this Agreement or the License set forth herein between You and Telerik. You are not allowed to, and are expressly prohibited from granting Your Authorized End-Users any right to further sublicense the Software. 

1.5 Non-commercial License

1.5.1 License Grant. If You download the free Non-commercial License, then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby accepts, a limited, non-transferable, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicenseable (solely as set forth in Section 1.4 Sublicensing), non-exclusive license to install, use, include with Integrated Products and redistribute the Software in executable, object code form only. 

1.5.2 Restricted Scope of Use.  If You download the free Non-commercial License, the Software (i) may be used for development purposes by no more than five Licensed Developers and (ii) may only be embedded within Integrated Products that do not generate profit.  
1.5.2 Support. Your Non-commercial License does not include any support commitment. Telerik may, at its discretion, provide limited support via online documentation, bug reporting, or discussion groups.  In no event will Telerik provide support of any kind to end-users of Your Integrated Products.

1.5.3 Updates. You are not eligible to receive any updates for the Software.

1.5.4 THE NON-COMMERCIAL VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED 'AS IS'. YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. TELERIK GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. YOU MAY HAVE ADDITONAL RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, TELERIK EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

1.6 Developer License with Updates and Support. 

Contact fiddler@telerik.com to purchase a Developer License.

If You purchase a Developer License with Updates and Support, then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby accepts, a limited, non-transferable, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicenseable (solely as set forth in Section 1.4 Sublicensing), non-exclusive license to install, use, include with Integrated Products and redistribute the Software in executable, object code form only. In addition, for the applicable period for which you have purchased updates and support (the "Subscription Period"), You will receive minor and major updates for the Software as well as the support package, each as described in further detail below.

1.6.1 Support Package. During the Subscription Period, You are entitled to the support package as described in greater detail here: http://www.telerik.com/support/technical-support-options.aspx subject to the limitations and restrictions described in the following Fair Usage Policy.
1.6.1.1 Support Package Fair Usage Policy. Telerik may limit or terminate Your access to any or all of the support services available under the support package if your use of the support services is determined by Telerik, in its sole and reasonable discretion, to be excessive.

1.6.1.2 In no event will Telerik provide support of any kind to end-users of Your Integrated Products.
1.6.2 Updates. During the Subscription Period, You are eligible to receive all major updates and minor updates for the version of the Software that You license hereunder. Updates replace and/or supplement (and may disable) the version of the Software that formed the basis for Your eligibility for the update. You may use the resulting updated Software only in accordance with the terms of this License.

2. License Limitations

2.1 You are not allowed to resell, transfer, rent, lease, or sublicense the Software and Your associated rights except as provided in Section 1.4. Under no circumstances shall You grant further redistribution rights to Authorized End-Users or redistribute any source code of the Software to any third party.

2.2 You may not use the Telerik product names, logos or trademarks to market Your Integrated Product. 

2.3 You are not allowed to disassemble, decompile or "unlock", decode or otherwise reverse translate or engineer, or attempt in any manner to reconstruct or discover any source code or underlying algorithms of Software that is provided to you in object code form only.

2.4 You are not allowed to use, copy, modify, or distribute copies of the Software and any accompanying documents except as expressly permitted in this Agreement.

3. Delivery

Telerik shall make available for download to Licensee a master copy of the Software.

4. Term and Termination

This Agreement and the License granted hereunder shall continue until terminated in accordance with this Section. The License granted hereunder shall last as long as You use the Software in compliance with the terms herein. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, and without prejudice to Telerik's other rights or remedies, Telerik shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and the License granted hereunder immediately if You breach any of the material terms of this Agreement, and You fail to cure such material breach within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice from Telerik. Upon termination of this Agreement, all Licenses granted to You hereunder shall terminate automatically and You shall immediately cease use and distribution of the Software; provided, however, that any sublicenses granted to Your Authorized End-Users in accordance with Section 1.4 shall survive such termination. You must also destroy (i) all copies of the Software not integrated into a live, functioning instance(s) of Your Integrated Product(s) already installed, implemented and deployed for Your Authorized End-User(s), and (ii) any product and company logos provided by Telerik in connection with this Agreement. 

5. Product Discontinuance

Telerik reserves the right to discontinue the Software or any component of the Software, whether offered as a standalone product or solely as a component, at any time. However, Telerik is obligated to provide support in accordance with the terms set forth in this Agreement for discontinued Software or components for a period of one (1) year after the date of discontinuance. 

6. Intellectual Property

All title and ownership rights in and to the Software (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, or text embedded in the Software), the intellectual property embodied in the Software, and any trademarks or service marks of Telerik that are used in connection with the Software are and shall at all times remain exclusively owned by Telerik and its licensors. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content that may be accessed through use of the Software is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Agreement grants You no rights to use such content. Any Open Source Software that may be delivered by Telerik embedded in or in association with Telerik products is provided pursuant to the open source license applicable to the software and subject to the disclaimers and limitations on liability set forth in such license. 

7. Limited Warranty

Except as specified in Section 1.5.4 (Non-commercial License), Telerik warrants solely that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying written materials for a period of ninety (90) days after the date on which You purchase the License for the Software. Telerik does not warrant the use of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free at all times and in all circumstances, nor that program errors will be corrected. This limited warranty shall not apply to any error or failure resulting from (i) machine error, (ii) Licensee's failure to follow operating instructions, (iii) negligence or accident, or (iv) modifications to the Software by any person or entity other than Telerik. In the event of a breach of warranty, Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy and Telerik's sole and exclusive obligation, is repair of all or any portion of the Software. If such remedy fails of its essential purpose, Licensee's sole remedy and Telerik's maximum liability shall be a refund of the paid purchase price for the defective Software only. This limited warranty is only valid if Telerik receives written notice of breach of warranty no later than thirty (30) days after the warranty period expires. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 7, TELERIK DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Telerik be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the Software, including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses, even if advised of the possibility thereof, and regardless of the legal or equitable theory (contract, tort or otherwise) upon which the claim is based. In any case, Telerik's entire liability under any provision of this agreement shall not exceed in the aggregate the sum of the license fees Licensee paid to Telerik for the Software giving rise to such damages, or in the case of a Non-commercial License, shall not exceed $5, notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not be applicable. Telerik is not responsible for any liability arising out of content provided by Licensee or a third party that is accessed through the Software and/or any material linked through such content. Any data and/or sample programs included in the Software upon shipment from Telerik is for testing use only and Telerik hereby disclaims any and all liability arising therefrom. The extent of Telerik's liability for the limited warranty section shall be as set forth therein.

9. Indemnity

You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Telerik and its resellers from and against any and all claims, lawsuits and proceedings (collectively "Claims"), and all expenses, costs (including attorney's fees), judgments, damages and other liabilities resulting from such Claims, that arise or result from (i) Your use of the Software in violation of this Agreement, or (ii) the use or distribution of Your Integrated Product. 

10. Confidentiality

Except as otherwise provided herein, each party expressly undertakes to retain in confidence all information and know-how transmitted or disclosed to the other that the disclosing party has identified as being proprietary and/or confidential or that, by the nature of the circumstances surrounding the disclosure, ought in good faith to be treated as proprietary and/or confidential, and expressly undertakes to make no use of such information and know-how except under the terms and during the existence of this Agreement. However, neither party shall have an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of information that: (i) it received rightfully from a third party without an obligation to maintain such information in confidence; (ii) the disclosing party has disclosed to a third party without any obligation to maintain such information in confidence; (iii) was known to the receiving party prior to its disclosure by the disclosing party; or (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of the confidential information of the disclosing party. Further, either party may disclose confidential information of the other party as required by governmental or judicial order, provided such party gives the other party prompt written notice prior to such disclosure and complies with any protective order (or equivalent) imposed on such disclosure. Each party's obligations under this Section 10 shall apply at all times during the term of this Agreement and for five (5) years following termination of this Agreement, provided, however, that obligations with respect to trade secrets shall be maintained as such until they fall into the public domain.

11. Reports and Audit Rights
You shall grant Telerik audit rights against Your Integrated Product software sales twice within a calendar three hundred and sixty five (365) day period upon two weeks written notice, to verify Your compliance with this Agreement.  Upon request, You shall make available to Telerik complete and accurate books and records relating to Your business operations relevant to the calculation of fees under this Agreement. You shall keep adequate records to verify all reports and payments to be made to Telerik pursuant to this Agreement for a period of seven (7) years following the date of such reports and payments.
 
12. Governing Law

This License will be governed by the law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. If any dispute, controversy, or claim cannot be resolved by a good faith discussion between the parties, then it shall be submitted for resolution to a state or Federal court or competent jurisdiction in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, and the parties hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of such court. The Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act and the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is to be held unenforceable, such holding will not affect the validity of the other provisions hereof. Failure of a party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute or be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the right to enforce such provision.

13. Entire Agreement

This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous communications regarding the subject matter hereof. Use of any purchase order or other Licensee document in connection herewith shall be for administrative convenience only and all terms and conditions stated therein shall be void and of no effect unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both parties. 

14. No Assignment

You may not assign, sublicense, sub-contract, or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any rights or obligations under it, without Telerik's prior written consent.

15. Survival

Sections 1.6.3.3, 1.6.3.5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, any provisions of the Agreement containing license restrictions, warranties and warranty disclaimers, confidentiality obligations, limitations of liability and/or indemnity terms, and any provision of the Agreement which, by its nature, is intended to survive shall remain in effect following any termination or expiration of the Agreement.

16. Severability

If a particular provision of this Agreement is terminated or held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as to the remaining provisions. 
17. Force Majeure

Neither party shall be deemed in default of this Agreement if failure or delay in performance is caused by an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, material shortage or unavailability of transportation, government ordinance, laws, regulations or restrictions, war or civil disorder, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of such party.
18. Export Classifications
Telerik expressly complies with all export restrictions imposed by the government of the United States of America. You expressly agree not to export or re-export Telerik Software or Your Integrated Product to any country, person, entity or end user subject to U.S. export restrictions. You specifically agree not to export, re-export, or transfer the Software to any country to which the U.S. has embargoed or restricted the export of goods or services, or to any national of any such country, wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport the products back to such country, or to any person or entity who has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government. You warrant and represent that neither the U.S.A. Bureau of Export Administration nor any other federal agency has suspended, revoked or denied your export privileges.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNDERSTAND THAT BY CONTINUING THE INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, BY LOADING OR RUNNING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, OR BY PLACING OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR COMPUTER HARD DRIVE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT, EXCEPT FOR WRITTEN SEPARATE AGREEMENTS BETWEEN TELERIK AND YOU, THIS AGREEMENT IS A COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES.
